Person: House burned down stove
	Q: Should I file insurance?
		A: File insurance
			Q: What should I invest in?
				A: SF development
				A: Water tower
		A: Don't do that:
			Q: What should i do then?
				A: Move in with parents
					R: i hate my parents, but okey *leaves*
				A: Move to a different town
					R: *leaves*


Person: Steve - the drunk - eighth beer
	Q: Can I get a round for the entire bar
		A: I know you don't have the money
			R: *getting angry* - I'm going to start my own bar!
		A: It's on the house - your my best customer
		A: Go home your drunk

Person: Soccer Mom gossiping
	Q: Driving five hours to soccer match - mayor with his limousine in the middle of no where. What do you think the mayor was doing?
		A: probably has his reasons (on mayor's side)
			R: *scoughs* (never voted for him) *leaves*
		A: he was probably conspiring with evilton
			Q: the mayor is selling our reserve water to them for profit (never voted for him).
				...
		A: Why do you drive so far?
			Q: My kid is all-state I have to drive to Canada so he can compete with kids on his level.  he's going to play soccer in europe someday.
				A: Well good luck to him!
					R: thanks, *leaves*

Person: Southerner
	Q: The south will rise again!
		A: Pardon?
			Q: We have too many commies around these days.
			Q: The south will rise again!
				A: okay
		A: You're damn right!
		A: In Montana?

Person: Troubled Teenager (in the cult)
	Q: *clearly underage* *voices breaks* I want a beer.
		A: Aren't you a bit young for a beer.
			Q: Its not for me its for the turtles.
				A: for the turtles?
					Q: How else are we suposed to get them out here (explain cult a bit)
						A: ooookaaay
		A: Sure, here you go.
			R: *leaves* finally the turtles will hear our call

Person: Thirsty Guy
	Q: I need a beer I am so damn thirsty - i haven't drank anything in forever?
		A: How about some water instead?
			Q: Don't drink the water!
				A: Why not?
					R: The mayor closed the treatment plant to save money
		A: I'll make it a double then

Person: Turtle Cult SF
	Q: Can't believe they are trying to build that new development on top of the sacred grounds
		A: I know how could they?
		A: It will bring lots of business:
			Q: But how are we going to the get the water without the sacredgrouds/cults/etc.

